README.md, before:

# 🌟 MCP Internal Wiki Server

<div align="center">

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/yourusername/mcp-internal-wiki)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node-%3E=14.0.0-brightgreen.svg)](https://nodejs.org/)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microsoft/vscode-codicons/main/src/icons/book.svg" width="100" height="100" alt="MCP Wiki Icon">

**Connect your internal knowledge directly to your IDE**

</div>

## 🔍 What is MCP Wiki Server?

MCP Internal Wiki Server is a specialized bridge between your company's knowledge bases and your development environment. Using the Model Context Protocol (MCP), it enables **seamless access to documentation** right where you need it - in your editor.

> 💡 **MCP** (Model Context Protocol) is an open standard for integrating contextual information into AI-assisted development environments.

## ✨ Why Use MCP Wiki Server?

### 🚀 Boost Productivity

- **Instant knowledge access**: No more context switching between your IDE and browser
- **Consistent information**: Every team member accesses the same up-to-date documentation
- **Reduced onboarding time**: New developers can find information directly in their workflow

### 🔄 How It Works

```
┌────────────────┐     ┌────────────────┐     ┌────────────────┐
│                │     │                │     │                │
│   Your Wiki    │◄────┤   MCP Server   │◄────┤   VS Code      │
│   Sources      │     │                │     │   Extension    │
│                │     │                │     │                │
└────────────────┘     └────────────────┘     └────────────────┘
       ^                                              │
       │                                              │
       └──────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                 Query & Response Flow
```

## 🎯 Key Features

- 📚 **Multi-source integration**: Connect to multiple wiki platforms simultaneously
- 🔍 **Contextual search**: Find exactly what you need with advanced query capabilities
- 🧩 **Extensible architecture**: Add custom sources and adapters for your specific needs
- 🛠️ **Platform agnostic**: Works with any MCP-compatible editor
- 🔒 **Privacy-focused**: All content remains within your environment; no external API calls
- 🔐 **Secure authentication**: Support for basic, token, and custom authentication methods for private wikis
- ⚡ **Lightning fast**: Advanced performance optimization with multi-level caching, connection pooling, and batch processing
- 🚀 **Enterprise scale**: Handles millions of wiki pages with intelligent resource management and real-time monitoring
- 📊 **Performance monitoring**: Real-time metrics collection with cache hit rates, response times, and throughput tracking

## 📦 Quick Start

```bash
# Install globally
npm install -g mcp-internal-wiki

# Run the server
mcp-wiki-server
```

## 🔧 Setup & Configuration

### 1. Installation

Choose your preferred installation method:

<details>
<summary>📥 <b>Local Installation</b></summary>
<br>

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/mcp-internal-wiki.git
cd mcp-internal-wiki

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Build the project
npm run build
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>🌐 <b>Global Installation</b></summary>
<br>

```bash
# Install globally
npm install -g mcp-internal-wiki

# Run the server
mcp-wiki-server
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>⚡ <b>Quick Install (no installation)</b></summary>
<br>

```bash
npx mcp-internal-wiki
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>❄️ <b>NixOS Installation</b></summary>
<br>

```bash
# Install via the flake
nix profile install github:yourusername/mcp-internal-wiki

# Or run without installing
nix run github:yourusername/mcp-internal-wiki
```

See the [NixOS Installation Guide](NIXOS_INSTALLATION.md) for more details.
</details>

### 2. Configure Wiki Sources

Create or edit `mcp.config.json` to include your wiki URLs:

```json
{
  "wikiUrls": [
    "https://your-company-wiki.example.com",
    "https://your-team-gitbook.example.io",
    "https://private-confluence.example.com/wiki"
  ],
  "cacheTimeoutMinutes": 30
}
```

### 3. Configure Authentication for Private Wikis

For wikis that require authentication, add an `auth` section to your `mcp.config.json`:

```json
{
  "wikiUrls": [
    "https://your-company-wiki.example.com",
    "https://your-team-gitbook.example.io",
    "https://private-confluence.example.com/wiki"
  ],
  "cacheTimeoutMinutes": 30,
  "auth": [
    {
      "urlPattern": "example\\.confluence\\.com",
      "type": "basic",
      "username": "username",
      "password": "password",
      "comment": "Replace with actual credentials for your Confluence instance"
    },
    {
      "urlPattern": "example\\.sharepoint\\.com",
      "type": "token",
      "token": "your-access-token",
      "comment": "Replace with actual token for your SharePoint instance"
    },
    {
      "urlPattern": "api\\.github\\.com",
      "type": "custom",
      "headerName": "Authorization",
      "headerValue": "token ghp_yourgithubpersonalaccesstoken",
      "comment": "For accessing private GitHub repositories"
    }
  ]
}
```

Supported authentication types:

- `basic`: Username and password for HTTP Basic Auth
- `token`: Bearer token authentication
- `custom`: Custom header authentication
- `oauth`: OAuth 2.0 authentication (advanced configuration)

### 4. VS Code Integration

1. Install the [Copilot MCP Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=automatalabs.copilot-mcp)
2. Configure VS Code to use the MCP server:

```json
{
  "mcp": {
    "servers": {
      "WikiMCP": {
        "type": "stdio",
        "command": "mcp-wiki-server"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

3. Restart VS Code or reload the window

## 🏗️ Use Cases

- **Developer Documentation**: Instant access to API references, code standards, and patterns
- **Onboarding**: Help new team members find information without leaving their IDE
- **Knowledge Management**: Create a unified interface to distributed knowledge bases
- **DevOps Practices**: Quick reference to infrastructure patterns and operational procedures

## ⚡ Performance & Scalability

### Enterprise-Grade Performance Optimization

MCP Wiki Server includes advanced performance optimization features for handling large-scale deployments:

- **🚀 Multi-Level Caching**: Intelligent cache management with automatic allocation:
  - Content cache (60% of memory) for large wiki pages
  - Metadata cache (30% of memory) for page information
  - Query cache (10% of memory) for search results
  - LRU eviction with configurable size and item limits

- **🔍 Full-Text Search Indexing**: Real-time search capabilities:
  - Background index rebuilding with minimal performance impact
  - Fuzzy search matching for typos and partial queries
  - Memory-optimized inverted index structure
  - Configurable indexing intervals

- **⚡ Priority-Based Batch Processing**: Background job management:
  - Configurable concurrency limits for optimal resource usage
  - Automatic retry mechanisms with exponential backoff
  - Priority queues for critical vs. background tasks
  - Job deduplication to prevent redundant processing

- **🔄 HTTP Connection Pool**: Efficient network resource management:
  - Connection reuse to reduce overhead
  - Automatic failover and health monitoring
  - Configurable pool sizes and timeouts
  - Resource cleanup and garbage collection

- **📊 Real-Time Performance Monitoring**: Comprehensive metrics collection:
  - Cache hit rates and memory usage tracking
  - Response time monitoring with slow query detection
  - Request throughput and error rate tracking
  - Performance dashboards and alerting

### Performance Testing

Run comprehensive performance tests to validate your deployment:

```bash
# Test cache performance (immediate - no build required)
npm run test:cache

# Full performance test suite (requires build)
npm run build && npm run test:performance

# Load testing with concurrent users
npm run test:load

# Performance CLI tools
npm run perf benchmark
npm run perf monitor
```

### Configuration for Large Deployments

Configure performance settings in your `mcp.config.json`:

```json
{
  "performance": {
    "cache": {
      "maxSize": 500,           // 500MB cache size
      "ttl": 3600000,          // 1 hour TTL
      "maxItems": 50000,       // 50k items max
      "enablePersistence": true
    },
    "indexing": {
      "enabled": true,
      "rebuildInterval": 300000, // 5 minutes
      "backgroundSync": true
    },
    "batch": {
      "batchSize": 20,
      "concurrency": 10,
      "maxRetries": 3
    },
    "pool": {
      "maxConnections": 50,
      "acquireTimeout": 10000,
      "idleTimeout": 60000
    }
  }
}
```

### Scaling Guidelines

| Scale | Pages | Users | Cache Size | Expected Performance |
|-------|-------|-------|------------|---------------------|
| Small | < 10K | < 10 | 100MB | > 50 RPS |
| Medium | < 100K | < 50 | 500MB | > 100 RPS |
| Large | < 1M | < 200 | 2GB | > 200 RPS |
| Enterprise | > 1M | > 500 | 8GB | > 500 RPS |

## 🧪 Testing

### Standard Testing Commands

**Node.js Testing**

```bash
# Build the project
npm run build
# or
just build

# Run a simple test
npm run test:simple
# or
just test-simple

# Run an interactive test client
npm run test:interactive
# or
just test-interactive

# Run a query test
npm run test:query
# or
just test-query

# Run all tests
npm run test:all
# or
just test-all
```

**Nix Testing**

```bash
# Simple test with Nix
nix run .#test
# or
just nix-test

# Interactive test with Nix
nix run .#interactive
# or
just nix-test-interactive

# Build with Nix
nix build
# or
just nix-build
```

### 🐳 Docker Testing (POC Private Wiki)

The project includes a comprehensive Docker-based POC for testing private wiki authentication:

**Docker POC Commands**

```bash
# Build POC Docker images (includes TypeScript compilation)
just docker-poc-build

# Build POC Docker images without cache (for fresh builds)
just docker-poc-build-no-cache

# Start POC containers (markdown server + MCP server)
just docker-poc-up

# Stop POC containers
just docker-poc-down

# Run comprehensive POC test suite
just docker-poc-test

# Individual POC tests
just test-auth-poc              # Basic authentication tests
just test-auth-integration      # Integration authentication tests
just test-poc-interactive       # Interactive test client
just test-poc-monitor          # Container health monitoring
just test-poc-menu             # Interactive test menu
```

**What the Docker POC demonstrates:**
- ✅ **Private Wiki Authentication**: MCP server connecting to password-protected wikis
- ✅ **Containerized Deployment**: Both services running in Docker containers with health checks
- ✅ **Authentication Methods**: Basic auth, token auth, and custom header authentication
- ✅ **Integration Testing**: Comprehensive test suite validating all functionality
- ✅ **Production-Ready**: Real-world deployment scenario with networking and service discovery

## 🏗️ Architecture

- **📡 Stdio/JSON-RPC Communication**: Lightweight, fast communication protocol
- **🧠 MCPServer Core**: Central request handler and method dispatcher
- **🔌 Extensible Sources**: Pluggable system for different wiki platforms
- **🔍 Smart Context Retrieval**: Optimized search and context management

## 📚 Documentation

- [Complete Installation Guide](INSTALLATION.md)
- [Linux Installation Guide](LINUX_INSTALLATION.md)
- [NixOS Installation Guide](NIXOS_INSTALLATION.md)
- [VS Code Integration Guide](SETUP_VSCODE.md)
- [VS Code Testing Guide](TESTING_VS_CODE.md)
- [Performance Testing Guide](docs/PERFORMANCE.md)
- [Performance Optimization Documentation](docs/TESTING-PERFORMANCE.md)
- [Nix Development Guide](NIX_DEVELOPMENT.md)
- [Project Plan](PROJECT_PLAN.md)
- [Wiki Integration Guide](docs/WIKI_INTEGRATION.md)

## 🔧 Extending

MCP Wiki Server is built to be extended:

- Add new sources in `src/sources/` and register them in `MCPServer`
- Implement new MCP methods in `MCPServer` as needed
- Support for various wiki formats:
  - Markdown
  - MediaWiki
  - Gitbook
  - Confluence
  - SharePoint
  - Custom sources

## 👨‍💻 Development

```bash
# Enter development environment with Nix
nix develop
# or
just nix-shell

# Build with Nix
nix build
# or
just nix-build
```

See the [Nix Development Guide](NIX_DEVELOPMENT.md) for more details.

## 📋 Requirements

- Node.js 14.x or later
- For NixOS: Flakes enabled

## 📄 License

[MIT](LICENSE) - Feel free to use, modify, and distribute this software.

---

<div align="center">
Made with ❤️ for developers who value their workflow
</div>

Commit message:

feat: Implement agent-based architecture with WikiContent, AIRelevance, and WikiIndex agents

README.md, after:

# 🌟 MCP Internal Wiki Server

<div align="center">

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/yourusername/mcp-internal-wiki)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/node-%3E=14.0.0-brightgreen.svg)](https://nodejs.org/)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microsoft/vscode-codicons/main/src/icons/book.svg" width="100" height="100" alt="MCP Wiki Icon">

**Connect your internal knowledge directly to your IDE**

</div>

## 🔍 What is MCP Wiki Server?

MCP Internal Wiki Server is a specialized bridge between your company's knowledge bases and your development environment. Using the Model Context Protocol (MCP), it enables **seamless access to documentation** right where you need it - in your editor.

> 💡 **MCP** (Model Context Protocol) is an open standard for integrating contextual information into AI-assisted development environments.

## ✨ Why Use MCP Wiki Server?

### 🚀 Boost Productivity

- **Instant knowledge access**: No more context switching between your IDE and browser
- **Consistent information**: Every team member accesses the same up-to-date documentation
- **Reduced onboarding time**: New developers can find information directly in their workflow

### 🔄 How It Works

```
┌────────────────┐     ┌────────────────┐     ┌────────────────┐
│                │     │                │     │                │
│   Your Wiki    │◄────┤   MCP Server   │◄────┤   VS Code      │
│   Sources      │     │                │     │   Extension    │
│                │     │                │     │                │
└────────────────┘     └────────────────┘     └────────────────┘
       ^                                              │
       │                                              │
       └──────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                 Query & Response Flow
```

## 🎯 Key Features

- 📚 **Multi-source integration**: Connect to multiple wiki platforms simultaneously
- 🔍 **Contextual search**: Find exactly what you need with advanced query capabilities
- 🧩 **Extensible architecture**: Add custom sources and adapters for your specific needs
- 🛠️ **Platform agnostic**: Works with any MCP-compatible editor
- 🔒 **Privacy-focused**: All content remains within your environment; no external API calls
- 🔐 **Secure authentication**: Support for basic, token, and custom authentication methods for private wikis
- ⚡ **Lightning fast**: Advanced performance optimization with multi-level caching, connection pooling, and batch processing
- 🚀 **Enterprise scale**: Handles millions of wiki pages with intelligent resource management and real-time monitoring
- 📊 **Performance monitoring**: Real-time metrics collection with cache hit rates, response times, and throughput tracking

## 📦 Quick Start

```bash
# Install globally
npm install -g mcp-internal-wiki

# Run the server
mcp-wiki-server
```

## 🔧 Setup & Configuration

### 1. Installation

Choose your preferred installation method:

<details>
<summary>📥 <b>Local Installation</b></summary>
<br>

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/mcp-internal-wiki.git
cd mcp-internal-wiki

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Build the project
npm run build
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>🌐 <b>Global Installation</b></summary>
<br>

```bash
# Install globally
npm install -g mcp-internal-wiki

# Run the server
mcp-wiki-server
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>⚡ <b>Quick Install (no installation)</b></summary>
<br>

```bash
npx mcp-internal-wiki
```

</details>

<details>
<summary>❄️ <b>NixOS Installation</b></summary>
<br>

```bash
# Install via the flake
nix profile install github:yourusername/mcp-internal-wiki

# Or run without installing
nix run github:yourusername/mcp-internal-wiki
```

See the [NixOS Installation Guide](NIXOS_INSTALLATION.md) for more details.
</details>

### 2. Configure Wiki Sources

Create or edit `mcp.config.json` to include your wiki URLs:

```json
{
  "wikiUrls": [
    "https://your-company-wiki.example.com",
    "https://your-team-gitbook.example.io",
    "https://private-confluence.example.com/wiki"
  ],
  "cacheTimeoutMinutes": 30
}
```

### 3. Configure Authentication for Private Wikis

For wikis that require authentication, add an `auth` section to your `mcp.config.json`:

```json
{
  "wikiUrls": [
    "https://your-company-wiki.example.com",
    "https://your-team-gitbook.example.io",
    "https://private-confluence.example.com/wiki"
  ],
  "cacheTimeoutMinutes": 30,
  "auth": [
    {
      "urlPattern": "example\\.confluence\\.com",
      "type": "basic",
      "username": "username",
      "password": "password",
      "comment": "Replace with actual credentials for your Confluence instance"
    },
    {
      "urlPattern": "example\\.sharepoint\\.com",
      "type": "token",
      "token": "your-access-token",
      "comment": "Replace with actual token for your SharePoint instance"
    },
    {
      "urlPattern": "api\\.github\\.com",
      "type": "custom",
      "headerName": "Authorization",
      "headerValue": "token ghp_yourgithubpersonalaccesstoken",
      "comment": "For accessing private GitHub repositories"
    }
  ]
}
```

Supported authentication types:

- `basic`: Username and password for HTTP Basic Auth
- `token`: Bearer token authentication
- `custom`: Custom header authentication
- `oauth`: OAuth 2.0 authentication (advanced configuration)

### 4. VS Code Integration

1. Install the [Copilot MCP Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=automatalabs.copilot-mcp)
2. Configure VS Code to use the MCP server:

```json
{
  "mcp": {
    "servers": {
      "WikiMCP": {
        "type": "stdio",
        "command": "mcp-wiki-server"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

3. Restart VS Code or reload the window

## 🧩 Agent Architecture

MCP Internal Wiki Server now uses a modular agent-based architecture for all core features:

- **WikiContentAgent**: Fetches and filters wiki content for queries
- **AIRelevanceAgent**: Scores content relevance using AI providers
- **WikiIndexAgent**: Manages (re)building the wiki search index

### How to Use Agents

- Use the agent manager in `src/agents/index.ts` to access and orchestrate agents
- Run agent-based tests with `just agent-test` or via the Nix shell
- Agent endpoints are available in the Docker POC for integration testing

See [COPILOT_INSTRUCTIONS.md](.github/COPILOT_INSTRUCTIONS.md) for full agent usage and development guidelines.

## 🏗️ Use Cases

- **Developer Documentation**: Instant access to API references, code standards, and patterns
- **Onboarding**: Help new team members find information without leaving their IDE
- **Knowledge Management**: Create a unified interface to distributed knowledge bases
- **DevOps Practices**: Quick reference to infrastructure patterns and operational procedures

## ⚡ Performance & Scalability

### Enterprise-Grade Performance Optimization

MCP Wiki Server includes advanced performance optimization features for handling large-scale deployments:

- **🚀 Multi-Level Caching**: Intelligent cache management with automatic allocation:
  - Content cache (60% of memory) for large wiki pages
  - Metadata cache (30% of memory) for page information
  - Query cache (10% of memory) for search results
  - LRU eviction with configurable size and item limits

- **🔍 Full-Text Search Indexing**: Real-time search capabilities:
  - Background index rebuilding with minimal performance impact
  - Fuzzy search matching for typos and partial queries
  - Memory-optimized inverted index structure
  - Configurable indexing intervals

- **⚡ Priority-Based Batch Processing**: Background job management:
  - Configurable concurrency limits for optimal resource usage
  - Automatic retry mechanisms with exponential backoff
  - Priority queues for critical vs. background tasks
  - Job deduplication to prevent redundant processing

- **🔄 HTTP Connection Pool**: Efficient network resource management:
  - Connection reuse to reduce overhead
  - Automatic failover and health monitoring
  - Configurable pool sizes and timeouts
  - Resource cleanup and garbage collection

- **📊 Real-Time Performance Monitoring**: Comprehensive metrics collection:
  - Cache hit rates and memory usage tracking
  - Response time monitoring with slow query detection
  - Request throughput and error rate tracking
  - Performance dashboards and alerting

### Performance Testing

Run comprehensive performance tests to validate your deployment:

```bash
# Test cache performance (immediate - no build required)
npm run test:cache

# Full performance test suite (requires build)
npm run build && npm run test:performance

# Load testing with concurrent users
npm run test:load

# Performance CLI tools
npm run perf benchmark
npm run perf monitor
```

### Configuration for Large Deployments

Configure performance settings in your `mcp.config.json`:

```json
{
  "performance": {
    "cache": {
      "maxSize": 500,           // 500MB cache size
      "ttl": 3600000,          // 1 hour TTL
      "maxItems": 50000,       // 50k items max
      "enablePersistence": true
    },
    "indexing": {
      "enabled": true,
      "rebuildInterval": 300000, // 5 minutes
      "backgroundSync": true
    },
    "batch": {
      "batchSize": 20,
      "concurrency": 10,
      "maxRetries": 3
    },
    "pool": {
      "maxConnections": 50,
      "acquireTimeout": 10000,
      "idleTimeout": 60000
    }
  }
}
```

### Scaling Guidelines

| Scale | Pages | Users | Cache Size | Expected Performance |
|-------|-------|-------|------------|---------------------|
| Small | < 10K | < 10 | 100MB | > 50 RPS |
| Medium | < 100K | < 50 | 500MB | > 100 RPS |
| Large | < 1M | < 200 | 2GB | > 200 RPS |
| Enterprise | > 1M | > 500 | 8GB | > 500 RPS |

## 🧪 Testing

### Standard Testing Commands

**Node.js Testing**

```bash
# Build the project
npm run build
# or
just build

# Run a simple test
npm run test:simple
# or
just test-simple

# Run an interactive test client
npm run test:interactive
# or
just test-interactive

# Run a query test
npm run test:query
# or
just test-query

# Run all tests
npm run test:all
# or
just test-all
```

**Nix Testing**

```bash
# Simple test with Nix
nix run .#test
# or
just nix-test

# Interactive test with Nix
nix run .#interactive
# or
just nix-test-interactive

# Build with Nix
nix build
# or
just nix-build
```

### 🐳 Docker Testing (POC Private Wiki)

The project includes a comprehensive Docker-based POC for testing private wiki authentication:

**Docker POC Commands**

```bash
# Build POC Docker images (includes TypeScript compilation)
just docker-poc-build

# Build POC Docker images without cache (for fresh builds)
just docker-poc-build-no-cache

# Start POC containers (markdown server + MCP server)
just docker-poc-up

# Stop POC containers
just docker-poc-down

# Run comprehensive POC test suite
just docker-poc-test

# Individual POC tests
just test-auth-poc              # Basic authentication tests
just test-auth-integration      # Integration authentication tests
just test-poc-interactive       # Interactive test client
just test-poc-monitor          # Container health monitoring
just test-poc-menu             # Interactive test menu
```

**What the Docker POC demonstrates:**
- ✅ **Private Wiki Authentication**: MCP server connecting to password-protected wikis
- ✅ **Containerized Deployment**: Both services running in Docker containers with health checks
- ✅ **Authentication Methods**: Basic auth, token auth, and custom header authentication
- ✅ **Integration Testing**: Comprehensive test suite validating all functionality
- ✅ **Production-Ready**: Real-world deployment scenario with networking and service discovery

## 🏗️ Architecture

- **📡 Stdio/JSON-RPC Communication**: Lightweight, fast communication protocol
- **🧠 MCPServer Core**: Central request handler and method dispatcher
- **🔌 Extensible Sources**: Pluggable system for different wiki platforms
- **🔍 Smart Context Retrieval**: Optimized search and context management

## 📚 Documentation

- [Complete Installation Guide](INSTALLATION.md)
- [Linux Installation Guide](LINUX_INSTALLATION.md)
- [NixOS Installation Guide](NIXOS_INSTALLATION.md)
- [VS Code Integration Guide](SETUP_VSCODE.md)
- [VS Code Testing Guide](TESTING_VS_CODE.md)
- [Performance Testing Guide](docs/PERFORMANCE.md)
- [Performance Optimization Documentation](docs/TESTING-PERFORMANCE.md)
- [Nix Development Guide](NIX_DEVELOPMENT.md)
- [Project Plan](PROJECT_PLAN.md)
- [Wiki Integration Guide](docs/WIKI_INTEGRATION.md)

## 🔧 Extending

MCP Wiki Server is built to be extended:

- Add new sources in `src/sources/` and register them in `MCPServer`
- Implement new MCP methods in `MCPServer` as needed
- Support for various wiki formats:
  - Markdown
  - MediaWiki
  - Gitbook
  - Confluence
  - SharePoint
  - Custom sources

## 👨‍💻 Development

```bash
# Enter development environment with Nix
nix develop
# or
just nix-shell

# Build with Nix
nix build
# or
just nix-build
```

See the [Nix Development Guide](NIX_DEVELOPMENT.md) for more details.

## 📋 Requirements

- Node.js 14.x or later
- For NixOS: Flakes enabled

## 📄 License

[MIT](LICENSE) - Feel free to use, modify, and distribute this software.

---

<div align="center">
Made with ❤️ for developers who value their workflow
</div>
